18 years old, I'm a millionaire. I've
never learned anything about finances.
Didn't know anything about being a
professional basketball player.
Everything that I've been learning at 18
years old to where I am to now is just
me being aware of who I am, where I come
from, and wanting to learn more about
me. [music]
Welcome back to The Deal. I'm Jason
Kelly.
>> And I'm Alex Rodriguez. And coming up on
today's show, Tracy McGrady. This is a
legendary Hall of Fame basketball
player, but a guy who has a lot in
common with [music] you. First of all,
he's one of my favorite players of all
time in the NBA. Just an incredible
talent. As far as what we have in
similarities, we're both from Florida.
Uh we both come from humble beginnings
and we're one of the few that went
straight from high school into the pros
and now we're both part of team
ownership.
>> That's right. Owners. in [music] your
case, obviously in the NBA, in his case,
the NFL. He came in as a minority
investor in the Buffalo Bills. So, we're
seeing a lot of him in owner suites, but
also seeing a lot of him on TV. We're
going to get into that a lot more with
T-Mac here on the deal. Tracy, what a
treat to have you here in New York.
We're going to get into everything
you've done throughout your career, but
I wanted to defer to my partner here for
the first question because you guys have
a lot in common.
>> Yeah. T-Mac, great to have you here.
>> Yes, sir. Now, who would have thought
that two kids from Florida, [laughter]
right, humble beginnings, straight out
of high school to the pros, and just a
few months ago, we were just kicking in
Davos.
>> First of all, what' you think of it?
What' you learn? And would you go back?
>> So, first off, it's a pleasure to be
here with you guys. I'm a baseball head.
Baseball is my first love and this guy
right here is one of my one of my faves.
So, this is an honor for me. Davos, I
didn't know anything about it. I've
never heard about it. And when it was
brought to my attention, it's like, "Yo,
you got invited to go to Davos." So,
like, what the hell is Davos? [laughter]
Like, what is that? But I looked it up
and I was like, "Oh, this is this is big
time." Like, this is where I need to be.
And I'm driving in, man. I've never been
to Switzerland. I'm driving in and I'm
just amazed of the scenic route. Amazing
scenery driving in. Traffic is a little,
you know, backed up a little bit. And I
looked to my left, I was like, "Yo,
that's A-Rod right there. [laughter]
A-Rod walking on the street right
there." So, he's the first person
around.
>> So, um, the reason why I was there, I
spoke on this sports panel and of
course, you know, I have a a lot of
international uh, relationships. I do a
lot of traveling to uh, China, a lot of
business that I I do over there. But
just having conversation with a lot of
powers that be it was how do we you know
bridge that gap between you know US and
um Asian market is what I was talking
about but it was um it was an eye
openener I'm in the stage of like really
learning business right he said we come
from humble beginnings and that is very
true for me everything that I've been
learning at 18 years old to where I am
to now is just me being aware of who I
am where I come from and wanting to
learn more about me, you know, every
single day. So,
>> so it's interesting. One of your, I
think, signature deals of late is going
in as minority owner of the Buffalo
Bills.
>> We talk about the NFL a lot on this
show.
>> Give us the origin story. How how does
that happen and and what are you
thinking as you get into that?
>> So, I wanted to always whether it was
baseball, basketball, football, I wanted
to be an owner of of some sort. that
opportunity presented itself because I
wanted to have some ownership in the
Tampa Bay Buccaneers because it's
hometown team right there. Got to the
table, got a call by Atlanta Falcons.
They were too far along. I think that
was like um Dominique Dolls and uh Will
Packer I think was in that deal. So, it
was too far along the line. And then
Buffalo Bills came up. And you probably
ask why Buffalo? Well,
>> I played three years in Toronto, right?
the Toronto borders right there. And
when I was playing in 97 to 2000, you
know, Bruce Smith, Thurman Thomas, all
those boys used to show up to our games
in Toronto.
>> So,
going back like over the years, I've
always invested in other people's ideas
and ideologies and things that that they
wanted to do. This is a time where I was
like, "Yo, let let me call my cousin and
see if he has any interest in, you know,
going in this deal with me." So, I
called Vince and like, "Yo,
>> this is Vince Carter.
>> This is Vince Carter." [laughter]
>> So, I called him. I was like, "Yo, you
have any interest in, you know, being a
NFL owner?"
>> What? Like, what? What? Yeah. So, right
away he was like, "I'm in. You know what
we got to do?" So, we made some calls.
We went to a game and after the game we
sat with Terry, right? Terry Pagula.
And this is like I'm thinking we
auditioning and I got to be on my best
behavior and really sell this guy that I
really want to be a part of this this
ownership group. But we just casually
had a conversation, man, after the game,
sitting in his office and just chopping
it up for about an hour. And from that
conversation, he was like, "You want to
be a part of this?"
>> What? Of course. Absolutely.
>> That's why you're here.
>> Right. And and it happened just like
that.
>> So, let's take it right from there. So,
I love the story. I love how you were
proactive and called your cousin Vince.
I loved how you went to a Bills game.
That's really how deals are done, right?
My question is once you finish that
conversation and you get home and
reality hits [laughter] and you know you
got to write a big big check because the
first time T that I wrote a big check I
couldn't sleep for a week
>> right we're not used to writing those
type of checks walk me a little bit
through that conversation and how
nervous were you when you had to write
that check and actually release your
bank account
>> so I would say this I I wasn't nervous
about it because I had put in the work
right I think my excitement was just
overshadow of what the check was that I
was writing. I'm I'm part owner of this
franchise and
like my mind went to it's not just, you
know, I write this check and then I sit
back and the bills do their thing, the
value of this this this franchise goes
up. No, there are people that involved
in this that I actually can have some
conversations with and actually prolong
or further and improve my portfolio
because of what these guys have. The
check
It was big, but
[clears throat and laughter] I wasn't
like I was too excited. I really was. I
was like, man, I cannot believe this is
happening because there's not a lot of
guys look like me that
>> is part of those groups.
>> And so to that point, do you think
people look at you differently because
you're an owner?
>> I don't give a damn. I mean, I I I don't
know. I don't care whether they do or
they don't. I I
>> I guess maybe ask in a different way. Do
has that come to fruition that you feel
like you are able to go into different
rooms because you're an owner?
>> Sure.
>> Yeah,
>> for sure. For for sure. I mean, it's it
gives you it.
Yeah. Because everyone knows how
difficult that is, right? And just
anybody, I don't care how great you were
on the basketball court or how great you
are on the field. Like
just anybody can't get that opportunity.
Yeah. Right. So yeah, I'm I'm looked at
differently. Can walk in different
doors.
>> Um and those doors are steady opening
up.
>> I mean, you've seen that.
>> Yeah. There's no question. I mean,
everything that T says, I've said it
some in some interview where like I feel
the same gratitude. Um and the doors
open up like like wildfire. I guess my
follow-up question on that is you talked
about some of the benefits from being an
owner, for being an LP to the Buffalo
Bills. What are some of the lessons
you've learned from being in that room?
>> That's a good question. I I guess
certain individuals that's involved in
this, you know, some certain people are
are difficult to deal with, but then you
run into those people like I ran into
one of our owners, Allstar Weekend. She
was actually one of the owners that went
in with the group that, you know, we
went in with. And I was having some
conversations with her and I could not
believe how generous this lady was in
terms of wanting to help me, right, in
in my business endeavors and any
capacity
of which I needed her. Like she was
like,
>> "Here, whatever you need from me."
>> And that was just so refreshing. And I I
just felt the the genuiness of that. But
then you run into some people like why
are you like that? And I'll tell you
another thing too. I won't say any name,
but I was at the game where there was
another group that he brought several
groups that were trying to to come in
and be uh the minority uh partners. So,
we're in the suite and I'm quiet as a
mouse watching the game, but there's the
another partner in there just loud and
obnoxious and just going crazy. And I'm
sitting back. I was like, "Yo, I know
damn well they're not going to allow
this guy. No way. No way." Because Yeah.
No way. Because of
what he was portraying in that moment,
>> right? there wasn't a person of like
being humble and just really
understanding the situation. So,
>> he ended up not getting in
>> being part of that group. And I saw that
and I was like, damn, it don't matter
how much money you have. Like, you got
to be solid,
>> a solid dude, a solid person to to be a
part of this group. Jason, I find that
to be really interesting what T-Mac just
said because
>> one of the lessons that I've learned
sometimes from being in those rooms and
those boardrooms that you just like look
around, you're like,
>> "What am I doing here?" Right? I cannot
believe.
>> But sometimes more than learning what to
do is sometimes you learn what not to
do.
>> That's it.
>> And those lessons like stay with us
forever.
>> That's it. And that was that lesson for
me because that was that night when I
don't even know if I'm going to be a
part of this group, but I know I can't
be acting like that. So, and when we got
the call that we got in and that person
then I was like, "Okay, that was the
lesson for me."
>> So, tell us about Vince, what a
relationship you guys have had playing
together, now business partners. What's
the dynamic there? Help us help us
understand that.
>> Yeah. So, we discovered cousin when I
got drafted in high school. Two years we
played together in Toronto. Um, you
know, formed a a great bond and then
just over the years just having those
conversations just really picking up.
Uh, we both have families. Uh, we talk
about everything. When he calls me, I
have to carve out two hours or I have to
let him know, hey, cuz I only got 15
minutes, man. Get it in. [laughter]
>> And how often does he call you?
>> We would talk probably about twice a
week. like that. Seriously. And that's
why we started a podcast cuz I'm like,
"Bro, we doing all this talking."
>> We might as well.
>> That is [laughter] how this tends to
happen.
>> It is how it tends to happen.
>> So, like I said, me, I'm always business
driven. What's the next challenge? I'm
always looking for the next challenge.
Never thought I'd be doing TV. NBC
opportunity comes up, right? So, we
we're both on NBC.
>> Yeah. And I'm like cuz this like this is
for us to you know capitalize off of
this energy and everything that's
happening for us. So it's like Buffalo
Bills I call him. I told you I invested
in a lot of people others ideas but it's
now it's like I'm taking my own chances
and and being doing this with my family.
So, it's it's been, man, the one of the
greatest things decisions that I made to
actually just, you know, be involved
with my cousin and take this ride with
him.
>> Yeah. T, you're lucky cuz you found a
cousin like Vince.
>> I'm Dominican.
>> I find cousins all the time. [laughter]
>> That I never want to buy two once I
million. [laughter]
>> Now, I I saw you guys uh this past
Sunday and I'm such a big fan of that
show. You guys are killing it. First of
all, you guys look good. You sound good.
Carmelo's great. Maria's a star, you
know. So, this is the NBA on NBC pre and
post game, right? And I love how you
guys go on location, which is kind of
cool. What? First of all, you enjoying
it.
>> I never thought I would do TV. And with
the NBC,
>> it was like, man, this is like the
golden era. This is what I grew up on,
>> right,
>> in the 90s, right, when I fell in love
with basketball. this like watching NBC
back in the day what made me want to be
a basketball player and I played on NBC
so that nostalgia feeling just coming
back and now I get to talk about the
game that actually raised me. Oh that it
was just it was awesome. It was a
no-brainer for me to be on that show.
>> I'm the oldest here but we we all loved
basketball in that era. What did that
era do for the business of basketball in
your estimation?
Well, I would say when you look at
Michael Jordan, what he was able to do
for the sport for us players in terms of
what he did off the court, right, with
Jordan brand uh selling sneakers, I
became an Adidas athlete. I was able to
sell millions of sneakers. the global
imprint that he has selling sneakers
over in China like Magic Bird and and
Mike like opened up this whole global
portal for us to be able to to walk
through and and capitalize off of that.
I'm going tell you what it did for it
cuz I was going to China back in like 19
my first trip to China was probably like
1998 1999.
>> Whoa.
>> Yeah. I started early and
there wasn't a lot of basketball being
played in China at that time. You know,
I just seen the trajectory of that sport
just trending up.
>> And now you're talking about over 350
400 million people are playing
basketball in China, right?
>> So that's the evolution of basketball.
And I was one of the I was part of the
team a group that played with the
Houston Rockets and the Sacramento Kings
opened up the China games. So we was
part of the first Global China Games in
>> because you were teammates with Yeah.
>> Yeah. I mean, so that must have been
incredibly eye opening from an economic
opportunity perspective.
>> I'm still capitalizing off of it
>> really
>> to this day. Absolutely, man.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I was, you know, I mean,
when you talk about having a a whole
freaking continent on your back and
carrying that.
>> Yeah. T I want to go back to you
mentioned Michael Jordan, Kobe Bryant.
Did you ever have conversations with
Michael or Kobe that helped you out? And
if so, what did they tell you?
>> So, I had conversations with Co. Kobe
was like my brother because he came out
a year early before me out of high
school like us.
>> And I was struggling my rookie year.
Kobe struggled his rookie year because
Dale Harris for some reason they wanted
to make it hard on the high school kid,
right? So he went through it, then I go
through it. And it was a time where I
was like, man, I got I I have to talk to
someone that actually has been through
this. Let me call my brother Cole. So we
had extensive conversations, you know,
just staying, you know, trust the work,
Mac. Trust the work. It's going to pay
off. You know who you are. And just
having those conversations got me
through a a really challenging rookie
year. I can remember, man, I I get to
Orlando. Cob is is winning championships
at this time. I'm coming up now in the
league. So, they're talking, you know,
trying to compare it to who's the best
wing and and my name is coming to that.
And you know, if you know anything about
Code, Co doesn't want anybody
compared to him at this time.
>> So, that's that right there. I know him.
I get it.
>> But that's where I come in is like I'm
built that way, too. Just a different
way. Turn it on. You have to.
Absolutely.
>> Absolutely.
>> Jay, can I give you my Kobe story,
>> please?
>> There was a time I was struggling and I
remember driving to the Bronx from my
west side apartment and uh phone rang as
Cobb and Cob's like, "Hey man, don't
don't read the press. Don't let them get
to you. Stay with your game." Same kind
of advice. And then he ends the
conversation by saying like, "I see
you're one for 15. I've been studying
your film." I'm like, "Okay, where's
this guy?" [laughter]
He goes, "Your front foot, you know, you
you're bailing a little bit and your
back." I said, "Cool. I gotta go. I got
[clears throat and laughter] All right.
All right. I'll see you next week."
>> All right. Let's talk about the ones the
the Obl women's basketball league. It
It's back. My understanding is you sort
of convened a group at your house and
we're like over dinner. It's not dead.
We're doing it. Give us the Give us the
state of play for uh for Obl. And then
we're going to do a little uh a little
pitch session here. But go ahead.
>> So Obl came from It was all a dream.
Sunonny Vicaro started ABCD camp in
Tenic, New Jersey.
>> Yeah.
>> Kevin Garnett, Kobe Bryant, Tim Thomas,
Trace McGrady, LeBron James, like all
the greats. And I was an unknown
basketball player like my junior year,
only known within my region in Florida.
Outside of that, no one knew who I was.
After my junior year, I get invited to
this camp. I'm the last guy invited. I
keep hearing about Lamar ODM. So, I go
to this camp and I He's the first player
I play and I held my own. So, throughout
this camp, I'm holding my own, right?
Unknown basketball player. Who's this
kid from Florida? Well, I leave that
camp and a month later, I'm the number
one player in the country.
>> So, I went from unknown
>> to the number one player in the country.
Now, it talks about, damn, this kid is
actually good. He Kobe Bryant just came
out the year before him. Kevin Garnett
came out the year before him. So now
that talk about being a drafty in the
1997 draft straight out of high school,
that platform did it for me. I'm
creating this OBL platform for those
guys that still have a a deep love and
passion for the game of basketball. And
my proof of concept trial was I went to
six cities.
>> Mhm. I'll invite 32 players and I'll
take eight players, the best players to
Sunday for the championship and have
them play 101. Winner takes all.
>> Mhm.
>> So now after that season, I'm I'm going
on a capital run trying to raise money
for my league cuz I'm getting good
feedback and I think I've created
something magical.
>> Mhm.
>> Well, I struck out. I struck out. Um,
and the one thing, and I'm glad that it
went that way because I've learned a lot
on that journey, right? Everybody's not
going to believe in your vision.
>> Mhm.
>> Right. Everybody is not going to be able
to see your vision and what you're
trying to create.
>> I get that. So, I believe in me. Let me
do it something different. Let me take a
pivot and do it different. Like, yo, I I
have a gym at my house. I'mma bring
everybody in. Let's capture this
content. Let's keep Obl fresh. And from
that point, man, I I think that was
probably the best decision because I had
NextGen Sports was an investment group.
They saw what I was doing. They came in
and loved the vision. They started uh
AVP, which is a volleyball league,
right? And they know how to run a
league, uh, alternative league, and also
they're part of the big three team 305
that won the championship. So, they know
how to manage a team. So for me it was
just like the perfect partner that came
in and when he came in we talked or when
they came in we talked about doing
something different than what I did at
my house versus what I did back in 22.
Let me start
cities. Let me start battle of the
cities. Let me create teams so where I
could build some value up and create
opportunities for some of my friends or
influencers in these respectful cities
and give the give them ownership of
these teams. So I have Jedakus, right?
We all know who Jedakus is. He's from
Yonkers. So I gave him the New York
team. He has 15% in his New York team.
>> Loren Tate is my good buddy who's in big
time actor is from Chicago. He has the
Chicago team. John Walls from Raleigh,
North Carolina, I gave him the Raleigh
team. Tim Hardaway senior has the Miami
team. So I I have I started I'm starting
out with eight teams and giving these
respectful GM/owners,
you know, 15% in ownership and also
allowing them to manage their teams. And
you know, we having trials like this is
I'm bu we're building a real league.
Like this is not a [clears throat]
gimmick. This is a real thing. So, I'm
I'm pretty um you know, excited about
the opportunity and where this is going.
And I'm already getting calls from my
partners in China. They want me to bring
it over there. Australia is calling. So,
>> global is where we want to take it
because there's a lot of talent. When
you look around now, I mean, you have,
you know, all of these, you know, kids
around the world are trying to mimic us.
You look on social media now, you'll see
a Chinese kid looking like, you know,
SGA out there playing basketball. So, I
I just think globally is where we want
to go with that.
>> And it sounds like content was the real
unlock.
>> Yes, sir. Yes, sir.
>> Yeah. Interesting. All right. So, we're
going to wrap this up with our rapid
fire. This is going to be a good one.
Some really good questions. All right.
So, just, you know,
>> first thing that comes to your mind, if
you had to pick one to play for the rest
of your life, one-on-one or five on
five?
>> For the rest of my life.
>> Yeah.
>> Oneonone.
>> Build your dream OBL roster with NBA
players from any era. Who would you
pick?
>> Oh, that's easy. myself, Kobe, and KD.
>> Oh, wow. That is I I I would not want to
play against that team. All right. Which
current NBA player would win a
leaguewide one-on-one tournament?
>> KD.
>> Best one-on-one basketball city.
>> New York.
>> Who's your dream OBL investment partner?
>> I have him. Gen next gen sports. All
right. And A-Rod. [laughter]
>> What team do you want to see win a
championship more than anything?
It's supposed to be rapid fire, but he
stuffed me on that one. Um,
>> should be easy for you.
>> No, not really, cuz I played for three
franchises that I I that I did dear to
my heart, but I'll say Orlando Magic.
>> Any sport.
>> Oh, any sport.
>> Oh, Buffalo Bills.
>> There you go. There you go. [laughter]
>> There you go.
Any sport.
>> Follow the money, baby.
>> Listen, Buffalo Bills. That's probably a
better bet than the Orlando Magic,
unfortunately. [clears throat]
>> I was confused why he wasn't. [laughter]
>> I I I didn't hear any sport.
>> Yeah, there you go. any sport. Well,
T-Mac, this has been amazing. I I really
I you know, as we got into this even
more, the parallels between you guys are
are are really incredible, especially
the move from, you know, Florida going
pro, ownership, all of those things.
>> And T, let me tell you, like I followed
your career from day one, ju just like
uh Kevin Garnett, right? Because it was
very rare for guys to basically go from
high school to the pros, right? And we
we were part of a small fraternity, Kobe
being another one. But you mentioned
comport yourself in a classy way. That's
what I've admired the most. Obviously,
your world is hall of fame and one of
the elites of all time, but the way you
comport yourself with your wife, your
four kids, the way you run your
business, you're killing it. [music] So,
just keep killing it. God bless,
>> man. I appreciate that. Means a lot,
man. Thank you.
[music]